Before we move on to deployment, there is one last thing I want to say about us running our tests.
Right now, whenever we push a change related to any service, we're going to rerun all of our tests.
So every test inside of every single service.
This might actually be a little bit wasteful, as if we think about it, because we have built all of
our services to be very independent in nature.
If we ever make a change to, say, our service, that in theory should not really break anything inside
of payments.
We don't really have any tests that kind of race across services or for that matter, really any code
either.
The only thing that really ties these different services together is our common module.
And in theory, everything inside the common module is being enforced through the type system with TypeScript
as opposed to any tests.
So if you wanted to, we could technically make sure that if we push some changes related to the service,
we only ran tests related to the audit service.
So in other words, if we change the service, maybe we do not want to run any tests related to payments.
So in this video, I'm going to show you how to set that up, to set up some kind of test specific running
or some service specific test is maybe the best way to refer to it.
We're going to make yet another change to those different config files that we've been putting together.
Now, we can definitely change those config files directly on GitHub by editing them inside the built
in editor, but instead let's just pull them down onto our local machine and then make a quick change
to each of them inside of our text editor instead.
So first off, back at my terminal, I'm going to change back over to my master branch.
So that's a get checked out master.
I'll then pull down the master branch and get all the latest changes.
Okay.
After that, I'm going to flip back over to my editor.
I'm going to find the GitHub file or folder that has been created.
And inside there are all of our different workflow files.
Well, didn't start off in sight of tests.
Author E.M..
So instead of here, we want to say that we only want to run this job right here if a request has been
issued and that request contains any changes specifically related to the off directory.
So to do so we could put in on polar request.
Then after polar request, we'll put in a colon and then pass.
And then a dash and then we'll put in off star.
Star like so.
This means if there is ever a pull request, a pull request gets reopened or we make an update to an
existing pull request and the file's changed are inside the off directory.
So specifically any file inside the directory, if anything inside the directory gets changed, then
run this job.
Otherwise don't run anything at all.
So we can repeat the same process for all of our other workflow files as well.
So I'm going to take that block right there.
Copy it.
I'll go over to our orders.
One.
I'm going to overwrite that block, and I'll change the path to orders.
I'll save the file.
Go on to payments.
Save the file.
And then finally on two tickets.
Anthro and tickets like so.
So let's now save all these files, commit the changes, push them up to our master branch.
We'll then try to make another change to one of our services and then make sure that we only run tests
related to that service.
So back at my terminal.
I'll do a get status and I'll see those four change workflow files.
I'm going to add all that.
I'll push it up or commit it first.
And then push it.
All right, let's once again now go back over to our dev branch.
We'll make another change and push it up and take a look at our poll request line, which you check
out my Deb branch yet again.
I'm going to go back over to.
How about our order service?
The back and side.
The order service.
I'll find the Z folder indexed.
And on that console log that we added in right there, I'm just going to add in another dot to the very
end.
That's it.
That's my change.
Just one additional period.
So save the file.
Back over to my terminal.
There's the change.
I'll add it.
I'll commit it.
And then push off to Dev.
All right.
Once we push that off to the dev branch on GitHub, we'll go back over to our pull request and take
a look at what different tests are now being executed.
The back over here on my request tab.
Upon my request.
It looks like we're running.
And you'll notice now that we are only running tests related to services that have been changed inside
of this request.
So every single time we push an update, GitHub is going to take a look at all the different files that
have been changed for the entire pull request, not just the latest commit.
In this case, we have changed files in both the service and the order service.
So only tests for off and orders are going to be executed.
That just make sure that we're not running more tests.
We need to run.
Now, of course, maybe you want to run all your tests for every request.
That is totally fine.
If that is the case, we could just go back over to that workflow file, which I can't see very easily
right now because I'm on my dev branch.
We could just go back over to those workflow files and remove those path files or the path settings
that we just added in.
So it looks like all tests are good to go.
And we did not have to run any tests around our other two services of payments and tickets though good
little improvement and we're definitely going to use this improvement once we start tackling deployment
as well.